this is better than my imagination this
is not an a dream come true without the
slightest bit of heads
to do
dr. J just what happened and I have good
news
viju should you go first should I go
first I'll go first Andrew have you ever
known a woman who so captivated your
entire being who's so controlled your
every waking moment that all you could
do is dream at the time you might see
her again this sounds like it's gonna be
good just want to get comfortable Andrew
it is very important how and when you
use your powers and I have noticed
you're getting very careless lately
you're right now what about the girl
right her name is Susan Anderson I met
her 14 years ago she was my lab partner
in graduate school she's a scientist too
yes I taught her everything I knew and
she had the nerve to keep on learning I
hate people like that I'll never forget
our first date we went to the beach it
was a beautiful night I brought along a
bottle of wine big chicken
as if the night wasn't special another
we saw a shooting star we always looked
upon it as a sign of good luck
what happened Andrew I hate to be a
party pooper but I feel like I'm talking
to a hummingbird oh sorry
so what happened she left me for another
man what was so special about this other
guy for one thing Robert would never do
something like that
I know the type he was perfect and I was
a humbling idiot you know the right
thing to say right way to act right
thing to wear yeah but I bet he wouldn't
know a hydrolyzed IRR if he sat on one
maybe not but Susan still left me for
him I was devastated where does this
special day part come in right now I
haven't seen him for 14 years she's
divorced and she's coming here today
does she have a sick aunt in town no
she's coming to see me
Wow yeah hi Benjamin come on in
hi Stephanie is his bedroom around yeah
he's upstairs cleaning up his comics
Oh maybe I should come back in about a
week yeah this is a big weekend for you
yes I have an old friend coming in from
out of town I was just gonna ask Andrew
if I could borrow some of his Cologne
must be a pretty special friend yes he
seemed a little nervous
oh why would you say that I forgot your
shoes
yes frankly I'm a nervous wreck I I
haven't seen her in 14 years IIIi don't
know what to do III don't know where to
take her I don't know what to say to her
I don't know what she likes anymore
why don't you just be yourself that's
how I lost her the first time
Stephanie I really appreciate your help
so what do you think
maybe I'm just not the kind of guy who
should wear clothes well we've already
been shopping for four hours don't give
up so easily
I'm not quite sure it's you oh I don't
know it's $1,500
dr. J dr. J you left some packages in my
mom's trunk hey you look great
thanks I feel ready she's here I'm gonna
take another shower you're going to be
fine she's just a scientist relax it's
not her things like it took me forever
to get here how far is it from heaven
anyway I've been huh been who Benjamin
Jessica dr. Benjamin Jeffcoat yes you
must be Andrew yes you can't be Susan
Benjamin I can't believe it you haven't
changed a bit
ah be there with you I was hoping you
wouldn't say that you still wear that
perfume yes
it took us forever to perfect this
formula we were in the lab night and day
what we wouldn't do for science
oh this is great you too Andhra this
would be a very good time to take care
of that weather or stripping
oh sure go ahead now that I'm finally
here take me to that special room oh oh
oh I see you using the new
pressure-treated beakers nothing but the
best
is there a science convention in town I
don't know about no but I find the
polymer insulated bondings to be much
more practical yes I have those on order
are you in town doing research yeah oh
look at the hydrolyze er oh it's come a
long way since our drawings did you have
a sick aunt in town Benjamin I came here
to see you after I divorced Robert I
started thinking about all the fun we
used to have where do you see this it's
a true breakthrough whatever you can
picture in your mind
you could see him uh-huh that's
scientifically impossible not one on
scientists well I see a beautiful
necklace really let me see
a little nice to see you present in
Japan My Chem except this it must have
cost you a fortune
it's okay I've had fourteen years to
save up oh no no no no again
Wow you still have those great reflexes
you haven't changed how's it going with
Susan
terrible I'm a doomed man come on it
can't be that bad I spilled carbolic
acid on her skirt you're a doomed man
I'll just stay here till she leaves town
don't worry I can help thank you Andrew
but I don't see spider-man was once in
trouble but daredevil or was it anyway
he would follow spider-man around like a
guardian angel I think I'll save a lot
of fuss if I just stay here if
spider-man had an attitude like that
whatever this world be now I want you to
tell me where you and Susan are going
tonight
so I can be there when you make a fool
of yourself in case you make a fool of
yourself Andrew I appreciate your
concern but I think I should face this
by myself
you spilled carbolic acid on her skirt
we'll be pulling out of my driveway at
6:04 lacrosse Hope Drive at 6:30 to make
little Tony's for a seven o'clock
reservation what will you be ordering I
appreciate this Andrew any time but
under no circumstances are you to use
your super powers no way dr. J I will
not use my powers in France
almost I have to can i I can't think of
anyone I would rather be with no me
neither except maybe Einstein there's so
many questions I'd like to ask him ask
me what dress I'm not wearing a dress
dress the door
thank you oh I'm surprised that in all
these years you haven't gotten married
well I guess I'm married to my work
flat tire just another challenge
you need any help just making sure it's
wrong
Landru
man are you sure that I can't follow
thanks I'm fine but well I just wanted
to wow I'm sure you never had to help
Robert change a flash sorry dr. G I
picked up a headwind you promised your
word enjoys your superpowers yeah but I
was worried what are you going stretch
my legs looks like this might take a
while
Juden all set
then we didn't need to get big best
champagne only the best all the time
that's my motto
boy you have to just fine keep up with
the Roberts
special occasion
my you know you keep bringing up Robert
any particular reason enough style
gently yeah why don't we change the
subject good idea so
how long have you and Robyn divorced you
are hopeless
yes yep come on Benjamin
we didn't me a favor and play of slow
song
hey guys slow it down okay
that's great isn't it
yeah I'm real happy for them for you
Andrew Clemons I think get your name on
the manager um
you looked real busy so I thought I'd
help out I really appreciate that now
get lost
looks like I spend out anyway
ah that was a great dip it takes two
that's pretty thank you a gift
yes anyone I know Robert gave it to me
was that an anniversary present I know
you gave it to me last week
you still see him sure we're still
friends really exactly how good friend
what's so funny you knocked over the
champagne
I guess Robert would never do that
Robert has nothing to do with this
I'm not so sure I think we better go
maybe we should
I'm sorry Robert isn't here to open the
door I don't want to talk about it
anymore
I wouldn't be thinking about him all the
time you hadn't dumped me for him I
didn't dump you for him oh so now you're
saying you'd dump me for no reason at
all
no what I'm saying is goodnight
fine wait a minute
that's my house Susan I acted like a
jerk I only hope you can find it in your
heart to forgive me that's pretty good
the sincerity came through but I
wouldn't use the word jerk why not
I'm sure she's calling you worse Oh
Andrew even though you used your powers
I want to thank you for helping me well
it didn't work for spider-man either but
I figured it was worth a shot can I talk
to Jay good night Andrew time to get up
Andrew come on breakfast on the table
Hedy MA Andrew Andrew hi Stephanie dr.
Jeff coat wasn't comfortable on the sofa
so he switched well you better come down
and have a good breakfast Benjamin
because from what I hear you've got one
heck of a fight ahead of you
dr. J when I'm down in the dumps I find
a thrilling skateboard ride picks me
right up thank you Andrew but remember
what happened the last time I tried that
I'd better finish the weather stripping
hi Susan I called the house how long
have you been out here you were gone by
the time I got back this morning I
thought you'd gone home I considered it
but I wanted to say goodbye first if I
have something to tell you
you were acting like such a jerk I
wasn't the only one what are you talking
about you laughed at me it's time when
you knocked over the champagne or when
you ran out of gas on the way home
obviously you find this funny yes I do
that's what I've always loved about you
I suppose that's why you left me for mr.
perfect no that's why I left him
robert's perfectionism drove me crazy
you always knew the right thing to do
with you I never know what to expect
you like that
Robert expected me to be perfect too
with you I can be myself let my hair
down have fun you can be a lot of fun
you know you're witty charming cute
immensely I wish you told me this 14
years ago
me too
you think this thing is big enough for
two let's find out
one two three this reminds me of our
first date
do you remember you brought those
chicken sandwiches white meat and that
wine as if the evening wasn't perfect
enough then we saw the incredible
shooting star yes I believe it was from
a Narayan a meteor shower with no
interference
it must be out night what did you wish
for that I would see you again before
another 14 years I have a feeling your
wish will come true
guitar